README.md, before:

# Puyo Chain Detector
A real-time overlay for showing trigger points in Puyo chains.
<img src="example.png">

## Setup
First, run `setup.exe` to pick your capture method and capture device. The ID for your capture device can change if you change how it's connected to your computer, so you might have to run this again later.

<img src="setup.png">

Then run `chaindetector.exe`. It'll take some time to load. If everything's fine, a green screen should appear:

<img src="green-screen-example.jpg">

You can Window Capture this in OBS and stretch it over your game screen. Then you need to Chroma Key it with a filter. My settings for this are:

* Similarity: 150
* Smoothness: 80
* Color Spill Reduction: 100
* Opacity: 66


## PyInstaller commands
Built under Python version 3.7.4

### Chain Detector
```bash
pyinstaller main.py --exclude-module=jupyter --exclude-module=ipython --exclude-module=jedi --exclude-module=matplotlib --exclude-module=ipykernel --exclude-module=ipython-genutils --exclude-module=ipywidgets --exclude-module=notebook --hidden-import=scipy.special.cython_special --hidden-import=sklearn.neural_network --onefile --add-binary="venv/Lib/site-packages/cv2/opencv_videoio_ffmpeg430_64.dll:." --add-binary="venv/Lib/site-packages/sklearn/.libs/vcomp140.dll:."
```

### Setup Tool
```bash
cd capture-setup

pyinstaller settings.py --exclude-module=jupyter --exclude-module=ipython --exclude-module=jedi --exclude-module=matplotlib --exclude-module=ipykernel --exclude-module=ipython-genutils --exclude-module=ipywidgets --exclude-module=notebook --onefile --noconsole --add-binary="../venv/Lib/site-packages/cv2/opencv_videoio_ffmpeg430_64.dll:."
```

Commit message:

Bugfix for capture image resolution
cv::CAP_PROP_FRAME_HEIGHT/WIDTH works by asking the capture card to rescale the resolution. If it's not available, or if the card just can't do it, then the image isn't resized at all and that was causing detection and display issues in both Detector.exe and setup.exe

README.md, after:

# Puyo Chain Detector
A real-time overlay for showing trigger points in Puyo chains.
<img src="example.png">

## Download
Check out the [Releases Page](https://github.com/puyogg/puyo-chain-detector/releases) for download links. You'll want the zip file.

## Setup
First, run `setup.exe` to pick your capture method and capture device. The ID for your capture device can change if you change how it's connected to your computer, so you might have to run this again later.

<img src="setup.png">

Then run `Detector.exe`. If everything's fine, you'll see a glimpse of your current capture device so you can validate that you set the correct device ID. Then a green screen should appear:

<img src="green-screen-example.jpg">

You can Window Capture this in OBS and stretch it over your game screen. Then you need to Chroma Key it with a filter. My settings for this are:

* Similarity: 150
* Smoothness: 80
* Color Spill Reduction: 100
* Opacity: 66


## PyInstaller commands
Built under Python version 3.7.4

### Chain Detector
```bash
pyinstaller main.py --exclude-module=jupyter --exclude-module=ipython --exclude-module=jedi --exclude-module=matplotlib --exclude-module=ipykernel --exclude-module=ipython-genutils --exclude-module=ipywidgets --exclude-module=notebook --hidden-import=scipy.special.cython_special --hidden-import=sklearn.neural_network --onefile --add-binary="venv/Lib/site-packages/cv2/opencv_videoio_ffmpeg430_64.dll:." --add-binary="venv/Lib/site-packages/sklearn/.libs/vcomp140.dll:."
```

### Setup Tool
```bash
cd capture-setup

pyinstaller settings.py --exclude-module=jupyter --exclude-module=ipython --exclude-module=jedi --exclude-module=matplotlib --exclude-module=ipykernel --exclude-module=ipython-genutils --exclude-module=ipywidgets --exclude-module=notebook --onefile --noconsole --add-binary="../venv/Lib/site-packages/cv2/opencv_videoio_ffmpeg430_64.dll:."
```
